In this chapter the author has focused on qualitative, quantitative, and mixed methods in research design approaches.
<br>Qualitative research is a method to investigate and comprehend the meaning individuals or groups ascribe to a social or human issue. Emerging questions and processes are parts of the research process. The researcher makes interpretations of the data to get insights, and these data are typically acquired in the participant's environment. data analysis that builds inductively from specifics to broad themes, and the dissemination of findings. The meaning of the data is being interpreted by the researcher. The structure of a final written report is adaptable. Those who participate in this type of activity Inquiry encourages a method of thinking about research that honors an inductive style, focusing on the individual meaning, and rendering the complexity of a situation. 
<br>Quantitative research is the method for studying the relationship among variables to test objective theories. These variables can then be measured using instruments, resulting in numbered data that can be examined using statistical processes. Introduction, literature and theory, methodology, results, and comments are all included in the final written report. Those who engage in this type of inquiry, like qualitative researchers, have assumptions about deductively testing theories, building in bias safeguards, controlling for alternative explanations, and being able to generalize and replicate the findings.
<br>Mixed methods research is a kind of investigation that involves collecting both quantitative and qualitative data, then combining the two types of data, and employing different designs that may include philosophical assumptions and theoretical frameworks. The underlying premise of this technique is that combining qualitative and quantitative approaches yields a more comprehensive understanding of a study subject than either strategy alone.
Choosing the right research approach is very crucial for a researcher for an accurate output.

<br>Reference: https://us.sagepub.com/sites/default/files/upm-binaries/55588_Chapter_1_Sample_Creswell_Research_Design_4e.pdf
